tags:JWW_FGB9_Grammar
What is the Masculine Nominative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	ὁ
What is the Masculine Genitive Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τοῦ
What is the Masculine Dative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τῷ
What is the Masculine Accusative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τόν
What is the Masculine Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τώ
What is the Masculine Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τοῖν
What is the Masculine Nominative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	οἱ
What is the Masculine Genitive Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τῶν
What is the Masculine Dative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τοῖς
What is the Masculine Accusative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Masculine Definite Article)?	τούς
What is the Feminine Nominative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	ἡ
What is the Feminine Genitive Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	τῆς
What is the Feminine Dative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	τῇ
What is the Feminine Accusative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	τήν
What is the Feminine Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	τώ
What is the Feminine Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	τοῖν
What is the Feminine Nominative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	αἱ
What is the Feminine Genitive Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	τῶν
What is the Feminine Dative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	ταῖς
What is the Feminine Accusative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Feminine Definite Article)?	τάς
What is the Neuter Nominative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τό
What is the Neuter Genitive Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τοῦ
What is the Neuter Dative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τῷ
What is the Neuter Accusative Singular form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τό
What is the Neuter Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τώ
What is the Neuter Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τοῖν
What is the Neuter Nominative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τά
What is the Neuter Genitive Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τῶν
What is the Neuter Dative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τοῖς
What is the Neuter Accusative Plural form of the ὁ ἡ τό. (Neuter Definite Article)?	τά
What is the Nominative Singular form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἶνος
What is the Genitive Singular form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἴνου
What is the Dative Singular form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἴνῳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἶνον
What is the Vocative Singular form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἶνε
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἴνω
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἴνοιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἶνοι
What is the Genitive Plural form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἴνων
What is the Dative Plural form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἴνοις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the οῖνος ὁ (Wine)?	οἴνους
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	ἡστενὴὁδός
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	τῆςστενῆςὁδοῦ
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	τῇστενῇὁδῷ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	τὴνστενὴνὁδόν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	στενὴὁδέ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	τὼστενὰὁδώ
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	τοῖνστεναῖνὁδοῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	αἱστεναὶὁδοί
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	τῶνστενῶνὁδῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	ταῖςστεναῖςὁδοῖς
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἡ στενὴ ὁδός (The Narrow Road)?	τὰςστενὰςὁδούς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοῖονμακρόν
What is the Genitive Singular form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοίουμακροῦ
What is the Dative Singular form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοίῳμακρῷ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοῖονμακρόν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοῖονμακρόν
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοίωμακρώ
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοίοινμακροῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοῖαμακρά
What is the Genitive Plural form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοίωνμακρῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοίοιςμακροῖς
What is the Accusative Plural form of the πλοῖον μακρόν (A Long Boat)?	πλοῖαμακρά
