tags:JWW_FGB19_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λύο-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λύει
What is the Third Person Singular Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λύε-ται
What is the Second Person Dual Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λύε-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λύε-σθον
What is the First Person Plural Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λῡό-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λύε-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural Present Indicative Middle form of the verb λύω?	λύο-νται
What is the First Person Singular form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λῡό-μην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύου
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύε-το
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύε-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λῡέ-σθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λῡό-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύε-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Imperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύο-ντο
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λύσο-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λύσει
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λύσε-ται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λύσε-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λύσε-σθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λῡσό-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λύσε-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Indicative Middle of λύω?	λύσο-νται
