tags:JWW_FGB32_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύω
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύῃς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύῃ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύη-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύη-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύω-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύη-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύωσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύσω
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύσῃς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύσῃ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύση-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύση-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύσω-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύση-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λύσωσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκω
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκῃς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκῃ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκη-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκη-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκω-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκη-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive Of λύω?	λελύκωσι
