tags:JWW_FGB78_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Indicative of ἵστημι SET?	ἔ-στα-κα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Indicative of ἵστημι SET?	ἔ-στα-κας
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Indicative of ἵστημι SET?	ἔ-στα-κε
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Indicative of ἵστημι SET?	ἔ-στα-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Indicative of ἵστημι SET?	ἔ-στα-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Indicative of ἵστημι SET?	ἔ-στα-σι(ν)
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-στῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-στῇς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-στῇ
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-στῶ-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-στῆ-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-στῶ-σι(ν)
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-σταίη-ν
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-σταίη-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-σταίη
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-σταῖ-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-σταῖ-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of ἵστημι SET?	ἑ-σταῖε-ν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	οἶδα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	οἶσθα
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	οἶδε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ἴστον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ἴστον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ἴσμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ἴστε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ἴσᾱσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾔδη or ᾔδειν
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾔδησθα or ᾔδεισθα
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾔδει or ᾔδειν
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾖστον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾔστην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾖσμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾖστε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Pluperfect Active Indicative of οἶδα KNOW?	ᾖσαν or ᾔδεσαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῇς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῇ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῆτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῆτον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῶμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῆτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Subjunctive of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδῶσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδείην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδείης
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδείη
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδεῖτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδείτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδεῖμεν or εἰδείημεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδεῖτε or εἰδείητε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of οἶδα KNOW?	εἰδεῖεν or εἰδείησαν
