tags:JWW_FGB8_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγος
What is the Genitive Singular form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγου
What is the Dative Singular form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγῳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγον
What is the Vocative Singular form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγε
What is the Nominative Accusative Vocative Dual form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγω
What is the Genitive Dative Dual form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγοιν
What is the Nominative Plural form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγοι
What is the Genitive Plural form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγων
What is the Dative Plural form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγοις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγους
What is the Vocative Plural form of the λόγος ὁ (Word)?	λόγοι
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τοῦ ἀγαθοῦ ἀνθρώπου
What is the Dative Singular form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τῷ ἀγαθῷ ἀνθρώπῳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τὸν ἀγαθὸν ἄνθρωπον
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	ἀγαθὲ ἄνθρωπε
What is the Nominative Accusative Vocative Dual form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τὼ ἀγαθὼ ἀνθρώπω
What is the Genitive Dative Dual form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τοῖν ἀγαθοῖν ἀνθρώποιν
What is the Nominative Plural form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	οἱ ἀγαθοὶ ἄνθρωποι
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τῶν ἀγαθῶν ἀνθρώπων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τοῖς ἀγαθοῖς ἀνθρώποις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	τοὺς ἀγαθοὺς ἀνθρώπους
What is the Vocative Plural form of the ὁ ἀγαθὸς ἄνθρωπος (The Good Man)?	ἀγαθοὶ ἄνθρωποι
What is the Nominative Singular form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τὸ καλὸν δῶρον
What is the Genitive Singular form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τοῦ καλοῦ δώρου
What is the Dative Singular form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τῷ καλῷ δώρῳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τὸ καλὸν δῶρον
What is the Vocative Singular form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	καλὸν δῶρον
What is the Nominative Accusative Vocative Dual form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τὼ καλὼ δώρω
What is the Genitive Dative Dual form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τοῖν καλοῖν δώροιν
What is the Nominative Plural form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τὰ καλὰ δῶρα
What is the Genitive Plural form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τῶν καλῶν δώρων
What is the Dative Plural form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τοῖς καλοῖς δώροις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	τὰ καλὰ δῶρα
What is the Vocative Plural form of the τὸ καλὸν δῶρον (The Fine Gift)?	καλὰ δῶρα
