tags:JWW_FGB28_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάω) τῑμῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάεις) τῑμᾷς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάει) τῑμᾷ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάετον) τῑμᾶτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάετον) τῑμᾶτον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάομεν) τῑμῶμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάετε) τῑμᾶτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάουσι) τῑμῶσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάομαι) τῑμῶμαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάει) τῑμᾷ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάεται) τῑμᾶται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάεσθον) τῑμᾶσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάεσθον) τῑμᾶσθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαόμεθα) τῑμώμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάεσθε) τῑμᾶσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάονται) τῑμῶνται
What is the First Person Singular form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτίμαον) ἐτίμων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτίμαες) ἐτίμᾱς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτίμαε) ἐτίμᾱ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάετον) ἐτῑμᾶτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμαέτην) ἐτῑμάτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάομεν) ἐτῑμῶμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάετε) ἐτῑμᾶτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Imperfect Active Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτίμαον) ἐτίμων
What is the First Person Singular form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμαόμην) ἐτῑμώμην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάου) ἐτῑμῶ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάετο) ἐτῑμᾶτο
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάεσθον) ἐτῑμᾶσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμαέσθην) ἐτῑμάσθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμαόμεθα) ἐτῑμώμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάεσθε) ἐτῑμᾶσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Imperfect Middle and Passive Indicative of τῑμάω?	(ἐτῑμάοντο) ἐτῑμῶντο
