tags:JWW_FGB20_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λῡσά-μην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύσω
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύσα-το
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύσα-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λῡσά-σθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λῡσά-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λύσα-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐλύσα-ντο
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λέλυ-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λέλυ-σαι
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λέλυ-ται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λέλυ-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λέλυ-σθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύ-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λέλυ-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λέλυ-νται
What is the First Person Singular form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λελύ-μην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λέλυ-σο
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λέλυ-το
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λέλυ-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λελύ-σθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λελύ-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λέλυ-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Pluperfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	ἐ-λέλυ-ντο
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύσο-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύσει
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύσε-ται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύσε-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύσε-σθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελῡσό-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύσε-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Perfect Indicative Middle of λύω?	λελύσο-νται
