tags:JWW_FGB56_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	ὅς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	οὗ
What is the Dative Singular form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	ᾧ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	ὅν
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	οἵ
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	ὧν
What is the Dative Plural form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	οἷς
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Masculine Relative Pronoun?	οὕς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	ἤ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	ἧς
What is the Dative Singular form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	ᾗ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	ἥν
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	αἵ
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	ὧν
What is the Dative Plural form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	αἷς
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Feminine Relative Pronoun?	ἅς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	ὄ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	οὗ
What is the Dative Singular form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	ᾧ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	ὅ
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	ἅ
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	ὧν
What is the Dative Plural form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	οἷς
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Neuter Relative Pronoun?	ἅ
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ὄστις
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	οὗτινος ὅτου
What is the Dative Singular form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ᾧτινι ὅτῳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ὅντινα
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	οἵτινες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ὧντινων ὄτων
What is the Dative Plural form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	οἷστισι ὅτοις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Masculine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	οὕστινας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ἤτις
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ἧστινος
What is the Dative Singular form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ᾗτινι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ἥντινα
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	αἵτινες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ὧντινων
What is the Dative Plural form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	αἷστισι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Feminine Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ἅστινας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ὅτι
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	οὗτινος ὅτου
What is the Dative Singular form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ᾧτινι ὅτῳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ὅ τι
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ἅτινα ἅττα
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ὧντινων ὄτων
What is the Dative Plural form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	οἷστισι ὅτοις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Neuter Indefinite Relative Pronoun?	ἅτινα ἅττα
