tags:JWW_FGB45_Grammar
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τίμαε) τίμᾱ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαέτω) τῑμάτω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάετον) τῑμᾶτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαέτων) τῑμάτων
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάετε) τῑμᾶτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαόντων) τῑμώντων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάου) τῑμῶ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαέσθω) τῑμάσθω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάεσθον) τῑμᾶσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαέσθων) τῑμάσθων
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάεσθε) τῑμᾶσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαέσθων) τῑμάσθων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Active of ποιέω?	(ποίεε) ποίει
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιεέτω) ποιείτω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέετον) ποιεῖτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιεέτων) ποιείτων
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέετε) ποιεῖτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιεόντων) ποιούντων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέου) ποιοῦ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιεέσθω) ποιείσθω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέεσθον) ποιεῖσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιεέσθων) ποιείσθων
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέεσθε) ποιεῖσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιεέσθων) ποιείσθων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Active of δηλόω?	(δήλοε) δήλου
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλοέτω) δηλούτω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόετον) δηλοῦτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλοέτων) δηλούτων
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόετε) δηλοῦτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλοόντων) δηλούντων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόου) δηλοῦ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλοέσθω) δηλούσθω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόεσθον) δηλοῦσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλοέσθων) δηλούσθων
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόεσθε) δηλοῦσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Imperative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλοέσθων) δηλούσθων
