tags:JWW_FGB10_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσω
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσεις
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσει
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσετον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσετον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσομεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσετε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of λύω?	λύσουσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἕλῡσα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἔλῡσας
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἔλῡσε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐλύσατον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐλῡσάτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐλύσαμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐλύσατε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of λύω?	ἔλῡσαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψω
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψεις
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψει
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψετον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψετον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψομεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψετε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of πέμπω?	πέμψουσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἔπεμψα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἔπεμψας
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἔπεμψε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἐπέμψατον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἐπεμψάτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἐπέμψαμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἐπέμψατε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of πέμπω?	ἔπεμψαν
