tags:JWW_FGB71_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λύθη-ν
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λύθη-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λύθη
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λύθη-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λυθή-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λύθη-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λύθη-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	ἐ-λύθη-σαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθήσο-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθήσει
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθήσε-ται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθήσε-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθήσε-σθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθησό-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθήσε-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Passive Indicative of λύω loose?	λυθήσον-ται
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῇς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῇ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῆ-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῆ-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῶ-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῆ-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω loose?	λυθῶσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθείη-ν
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθείη-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθείη
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθεῖ-τον or λυθείη-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθεί-την or λυθειή-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθεῖ-μεν or λυθείη-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθεῖ-τε or λυθείη-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθεῖε-ν or λυθείη-σαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθησοί-μην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθήσοι-ο
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθήσοι-το
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθήσοι-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθησοί-σθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθησοί-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθήσοι-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Passive Optative of λύω loose?	λυθήσοι-ντο
