tags:JWW_FGB16_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡο-ν
What is the Second Person Singular form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡο-ν
What is the Third Person Singular form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λύε-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λῡέ-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λύο-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λύε-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the λύω (Imperfect Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡο-ν
What is the First Person Singular form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡσα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡσα-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡσε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λύσα-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λῡσά-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λύσα-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἐ-λύσα-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the λύω (Aorist Indicative Active)?	ἔ-λῡσα-ν
What is the First Person Singular form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λέλυκα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λέλυκα-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λέλυκε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λελύκα-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λελύκα-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λελύκα-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λελύκα-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the λύω (Perfect Indicative Active)?	λελύκᾱσι
