tags:JWW_FGB35_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάω) τῑμῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάῃς) τῑμᾷς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάῃ) τῑμᾷ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάητον) τῑμᾶτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάητον) τῑμᾶτον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάωμεν) τῑμῶμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάητε) τῑμᾶτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάωσι) τῑμῶσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάωμαι) τῑμῶμαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάῃ) τῑμᾷ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάηται) τῑμᾶται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάησθον) τῑμᾶσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάησθον) τῑμᾶσθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαώμεθα) τῑμώμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάησθε) τῑμᾶσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάωνται) τῑμῶνται
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέω) ποιῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέῃς) ποιῇς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέῃ) ποιῇ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέητον) ποιῆτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέητον) ποιῆτον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέωμεν) ποιῶμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέητε) ποιῆτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέωσι) ποιῶσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέωμαι) ποιῶμαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέῃ) ποιῇ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέηται) ποιῆται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέησθον) ποιῆσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέησθον) ποιῆσθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιεώμεθα) ποιώμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέησθε) ποιῆσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of ποιέω?	(ποιέωνται) ποιῶνται
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόω) δηλῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόῃς) δηλοῖς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόῃ) δηλοῖ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόητον) δηλῶτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόητον) δηλῶτον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόωμεν) δηλῶμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόητε) δηλῶτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόωσι) δηλῶσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόωμαι) δηλῶμαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόῃ) δηλοῖ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόηται) δηλῶται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόησθον) δηλῶσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόησθον) δηλῶσθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλοώμεθα) δηλώμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόησθε) δηλῶσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of δηλόω?	(δηλόωνται) δηλῶνται
What is the contraction of α + ω?	ω
What is the contraction of α + η?	ᾱ
What is the contraction of α + ῃ?	ᾳ
What is the contraction of ε + ω?	ω
What is the contraction of ε + η?	η
What is the contraction of ε + ῃ?	ῃ
What is the contraction of ο + ω?	ω
What is the contraction of ο + η?	ω
What is the contraction of ο + ῃ?	οι
