tags:JWW_FGB3_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώρᾱ
What is the Genitive Singular form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώρᾱς
What is the Dative Singular form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώρᾳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώρᾱν
What is the Vocative Singular form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώρᾱ
What is the Dual Nominative Accusative & Vocative form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώρᾱ
What is the Dual Genitive & Dative form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώραιν
What is the Nominative Plural form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χῶραι
What is the Genitive Plural form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χωρῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώραις
What is the Accusative Plural form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χώρᾱς
What is the Vocative Plural form of χώρᾶ (Country)?	χῶραι
What is the Nominative Singular form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιά
What is the Genitive Singular form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιᾶς
What is the Dative Singular form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιᾷ
What is the Accusative Singular form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιάν
What is the Vocative Singular form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιά
What is the Dual Nominative Accusative & Vocative form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιά
What is the Dual Genitive & Dative form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιαῖν
What is the Nominative Plural form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιαί
What is the Genitive Plural form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιαῖς
What is the Accusative Plural form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιάς
What is the Vocative Plural form of στρατιά (Army)?	στρατιαί
What is the Nominative Singular form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ
What is the Genitive Singular form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	τῆς μῖκρᾶς θύρᾱς
What is the Dative Singular form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	τῇ μῑκρᾷ θύρᾳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	τὴν μῑκρὰν θύρᾱν
What is the Vocative Singular form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ
What is the Dual Nominative Accusative & Vocative form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	τὼ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ
What is the Dual Genitive & Dative form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	τοῖν μῑκραῖν θύραιν
What is the Nominative Plural form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	αἱ μῑκραὶ θύραι
What is the Genitive Plural form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	τῶν μῑκρῶν θυρῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	ταῑς μῑκραῑς θύραις
What is the Accusative Plural form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	τὰς μῑκρὰς θύρᾱς
What is the Vocative Plural form of ἡ μῑκρὰ θύρᾱ (The Small Door)?	μῑκραὶ θύραι
