tags:JWW_FGB55_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλεύ-ς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλέ-ως
What is the Dative Singular form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	(βασιλέ-ϊ) βασιλεῖ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλέ-ᾱ
What is the Vocative Singular form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλεῦ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλέ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλέ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	(βασιλέ-ες) βασιλεῖς
What is the Genitive Plural form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλέ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλεῦ-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the βασιλεύς ὁ - king ?	βασιλέ-ᾱς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βοῦ-ς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βο-ός
What is the Dative Singular form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βο-ΐ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βοῦ-ν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βοῦ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βό-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βο-οῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βό-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βο-ῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βου-σί
What is the Accusative Plural form of the βοῦς ὁ ἡ - ox cow?	βοῦ-ς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γραῦ-ς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γρᾱ-ός
What is the Dative Singular form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γρᾱ-ΐ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γραῦ-ν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γραῦ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γρᾶ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γρᾱ-οῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γρᾶ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γρᾱ-ῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γραυ-σί
What is the Accusative Plural form of the γραῦς ἡ old woman?	γραῦ-ς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	ναῦ-ς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	νε-ώς
What is the Dative Singular form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	νη-ΐ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	ναῦ-ν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	ναῦ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	νῆ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	νε-οῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	νῆ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	νε-ῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	ναυ-σί
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ναῦς ἡ - ship?	ναῦ-ς
