tags:JWW_FGB26_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νύξ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νυκτ-ός
What is the Dative Singular form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νυκτ-ί
What is the Accusative Singular form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νύκτ-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νύξ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νύκτ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νυκτ-οῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νύκτ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νυκτ-ῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νυξί
What is the Accusative Plural form of the νύξ ἡ.  Night?	νύκτ-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-ι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπί
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπί-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἀσπίς ἡ.  Shield?	ἀσπίδ-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑθ-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑθ-ι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑς
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑθ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὀρνίθ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑθ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὀρνίθ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑσι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ὄρνῑς ὁ ἡ.  Bird?	ὄρνῑθ-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέρων
What is the Genitive Singular form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέροντ-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέροντ-ι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέροντ-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέρον
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέροντ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γερόντ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέροντ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γερόντ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέρουσι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the γέρων ὁ. Old Man?	γέροντ-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρμα
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρματ-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρματ-ι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρμα
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρμα
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρματ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἁρμάτ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρματ-α
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἁρμάτ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρμασι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἅρμα τό Chariot?	ἅρματ-α
