tags:JWW_FGB66_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Masculine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	εἷς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Masculine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	ἑνός
What is the Dative Singular form of the Masculine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	ἑνί
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Masculine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	ἕνα
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Feminine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	μία
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Feminine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	μιᾶς
What is the Dative Singular form of the Feminine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	μιᾷ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Feminine Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	μίαν
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Neuter Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	ἕν
What is the Genitive Singular form of the Neuter Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	ἑνός
What is the Dative Singular form of the Neuter Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	ἑνί
What is the Accusative Singular form of the Neuter Declension of εἷς μία ἕν?	ἕν
What is the Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the Declension of δύο?	δύο
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the Declension of δύο?	δυοῖν
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Masculine and Feminine Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τρεῖς
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Masculine and Feminine Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τριῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the Masculine and Feminine Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τρισἰ
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Masculine and Feminine Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τρεῖς
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τρία
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τριῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τρισἰ
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τρεῖς τρία?	τρία
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τέτταρες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τεττάρων
What is the Dative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τέτταρσι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τέτταρας
What is the Nominative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τέτταρα
What is the Genitive Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τεττάρων
What is the Dative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τέτταρσι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the Neuter Declension of τέτταρες τέτταρα?	τέτταρα
