tags:JWW_FGB63_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανοῦ-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Active Indicative of φανῶ?	φανοῦσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανοῦ-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ-ται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ-σθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανού-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανεῖ-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	φανοῦ-νται
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἔ-φηνα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἔ-φηνα-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἔ-φηνε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνα-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φηνά-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνα-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνα-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Active Indicative of φανῶ?	ἔ-φηνα-ν
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φηνά-μην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνω
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνα-το
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνα-σθην
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φηνά-σθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-ξηνά-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνα-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Aorist Middle Indicative of φανῶ?	ἐ-φήνα-ντο
