tags:JWW_FGB41_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιμι) τῑμῷμι or (τῑμαοίην) τῑμῴην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοις) τῑμῷς or (τῑμαοίης) τῑμῴης
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοι) τῑμῷ or (τῑμαοίη) τῑμῴη
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιτον) τῑμῷτον or (τῑμαοίητον) τῑμῴητον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαοίτην) τῑμῴτην or (τῑμαοιήτην) τῑμῳήτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιμεν) τῑμῷμεν or (τῑμαοίημεν) τῑμῴημεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιτε) τῑμῷτε or (τῑμαοίητε) τῑμῴητε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιεν) τῑμῷεν or (τῑμαοίησαν) τῑμῴησαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαοίμην) τῑμῴμην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιο) τῑμῷο
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιτο) τῑμῷτο
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοισθον) τῑμῷσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαοίσθην) τῑμῴσθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμαοίμεθα) τῑμῴμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοισθε) τῑμῷσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of τῑμάω?	(τῑμάοιντο) τῑμῷντο
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιμι) ποιοῖμι or (ποιεοίην) ποιοίην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέοις) ποιοῖς or (ποιεοίης) ποιοίης
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέοι) ποιοῖ or (ποιεοίη) ποιοίη
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιτον) ποιοῖτον or (ποιεοίητον) ποιοίητον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιεοίτην) ποιοίτην or (ποιεοιήτην) ποιοιήτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιμεν) ποιοῖμεν or (ποιεοίημεν) ποιοίημεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιτε) ποιοῖτε or (ποιεοίητε) ποιοίητε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιεν) ποιοῖεν or (ποιεοίησαν) ποιοίησαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιεοίμην) ποιοίμην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιο) ποιοῖο
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιτο) ποιοῖτο
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέοισθον) ποιοῖσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιεοίσθην) ποιοίσθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιεοίμεθα) ποιοίμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέοισθε) ποιοῖσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of ποιέω?	(ποιέοιντο) ποιοῖντο
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιμι) δηλοῖμι or (δηλοοίην) δηλοίην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόοις) δηλοῖς or (δηλοοίης) δηλοίης
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόοι) δηλοῖ or (δηλοοίη) δηλοίη
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιτον) δηλοῖτον or (δηλοοίητον) δηλοίητον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλοοίτην) δηλοίτην or (δηλοοιήτην) δηλοιήτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιμεν) δηλοῖμεν or (δηλοοίημεν) δηλοίημεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιτε) δηλοῖτε or (δηλοοίητε) δηλοίητε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Optative Active of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιεν) δηλοῖεν or (δηλοοίησαν) δηλοίησαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλοοίμην) δηλοίμην
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιο) δηλοῖο
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιτο) δηλοῖτο
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόοισθον) δηλοῖσθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλοοίσθην) δηλοίσθην
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλοοίμεθα) δηλοίμεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόοισθε) δηλοῖσθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Optative Middle and Passive of δηλόω?	(δηλόοιντο) δηλοῖντο
