tags:JWW_FGB38_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λύοι-μι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λύοι-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λύοι
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λύοι-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λῡοί-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λύοι-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λύοι-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Optative of λύω?	λύοιε-ν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λύσοι-μι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λύσοι-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λύσοι
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λύσοι-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λῡσοί-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λύσοι-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λύσοι-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Future Active Optative of λύω?	λύσοιε-ν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λύσαι-μι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λύσεια-ς λύσαι-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λύσειε λύσαι
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λύσαι-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λῡσαί-την
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λύσαι-μεν
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λύσαι-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Optative of λύω?	λύσεια-ν λύσαιε-ν
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-μι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελυκοί-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοιε-ν
