tags:JWW_FGB36_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατήρ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	(πατέρ-ος) πατρ-ός
What is the Dative Singular form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	(πατέρ-ι) πατρ-ί
What is the Accusative Singular form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατέρ-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πάτερ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατέρ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατέρ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατέρ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατέρ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατρά-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the πατήρ ὁ Father?	πατέρ-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μήτηρ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	(μῃτέρ-ος) μητρ-ός
What is the Dative Singular form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	(μητέρ-ι) μητρ-ί
What is the Accusative Singular form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μητέρ-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μῆτερ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μητέρ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μητέρ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μητέρ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μητέρ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μητρά-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the μήτηρ ἡ Mother?	μητέρ-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	ἀνήρ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-ος) ἀνδρ-ός
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-ι) ἀνδρ-ί
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-α) ἄνδρ-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	ἄνερ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-ε) ἄνδρ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-οιν) ἀνδρ-οῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-ες) ἄνδρ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-ων) ἀνδρ-ῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	ἀνδρά-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἀνήρ ὁ Man?	(ἀνέρ-ας) ἄνδρ-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγών
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγῶν-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγῶν-ι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγῶν-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγών
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγῶν-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγών-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγῶν-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγών-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγῶσι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἀγών ὁ Contest?	ἀγῶν-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμών
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-ι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμών
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόσι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἡγεμών ὁ Guide?	ἡγεμόν-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μήν
What is the Genitive Singular form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μην-ός
What is the Dative Singular form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μην-ί
What is the Accusative Singular form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μῆν-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μήν
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μῆν-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μην-οῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μῆν-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μην-ῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μησί
What is the Accusative Plural form of the μήν ὁ Month?	μῆν-ας
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτωρ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτορ-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτορ-ι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτορ-α
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥῆτορ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτορ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥητόρ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτορ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥητόρ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτορ-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ῥήτωρ ὁ Orator?	ῥήτορ-ας
