tags:JWW_FGB11_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίᾱς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίου
What is the Dative Singular form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίᾳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίᾱν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίᾱ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίᾱ
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίαιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίαι
What is the Genitive Plural form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνιῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίαις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the νεᾱνίᾱς ὁ (Young Man)?	νεᾱνίᾱς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώτης
What is the Genitive Singular form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώτου
What is the Dative Singular form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώτῃ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώτην
What is the Vocative Singular form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιῶτα
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώτᾱ
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώταιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιῶται
What is the Genitive Plural form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιωτῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώταις
What is the Accusative Plural form of the στρατιώτης ὁ (Soldier)?	στρατιώτᾱς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστής
What is the Genitive Singular form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστοῦ
What is the Dative Singular form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστῇ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστήν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστά
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστά
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελτασταῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελτασταί
What is the Genitive Plural form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελτασταῖς
What is the Accusative Plural form of the πελταστής ὁ (Targeteer)?	πελταστάς
What is the Nominative Singular form of the Πέρσης ὁ (Persian)?	πελταστής
