tags:JWW_FGB37_Grammar
What is the Masculine and Feminine Nominative Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίς
What is the Masculine and Feminine Genitive Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνος τοῦ
What is the Masculine and Feminine Dative Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνι τῷ
What is the Masculine and Feminine Accusative Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνα
What is the Masculine and Feminine Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνε
What is the Masculine and Feminine Genitive and Dative Dual form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνοιν
What is the Masculine and Feminine Nominative Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνες
What is the Masculine and Feminine Genitive Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνων
What is the Masculine and Feminine Dative Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίσι
What is the Masculine and Feminine Accusative Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνας
What is the Neuter Nominative Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τί
What is the Neuter Genitive Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνος τοῦ
What is the Neuter Dative Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνι τῷ
What is the Neuter Accusative Singular form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τί
What is the Neuter Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνε
What is the Neuter Genitive and Dative Dual form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τινοιν
What is the Neuter Nominative Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνα
What is the Neuter Genitive Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνων
What is the Neuter Dative Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίσι
What is the Neuter Accusative Plural form of the τίς τίς τί who? which? what??	τίνα
What is the Masculine and Feminine Nominative Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τὶς
What is the Masculine and Feminine Genitive Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινός του
What is the Masculine and Feminine Dative Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινί τῳ
What is the Masculine and Feminine Accusative Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινά
What is the Masculine and Feminine Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινέ
What is the Masculine and Feminine Genitive and Dative Dual form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινοῖν
What is the Masculine and Feminine Nominative Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινές
What is the Masculine and Feminine Genitive Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινῶν
What is the Masculine and Feminine Dative Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τισί
What is the Masculine and Feminine Accusative Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινάς
What is the Neuter Nominative Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τὶ
What is the Neuter Genitive Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινός του
What is the Neuter Dative Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινί τῳ
What is the Neuter Accusative Singular form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τὶ
What is the Neuter Nominative and Accusative Dual form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινέ
What is the Neuter Genitive and Dative Dual form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινοῖν
What is the Neuter Nominative Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινά
What is the Neuter Genitive Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινῶν
What is the Neuter Dative Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τισί
What is the Neuter Accusative Plural form of the τὶς τὶς τὶ some any?	τινά
