tags:JWW_FGB34_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύω-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύῃ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύη-ται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύη-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύη-σθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λῡώ-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύη-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύω-νται
What is the First Person Singular form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύσω-μαι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύσῃ
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύση-ται
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύση-σθον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύση-σθον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λῡσώ-μεθα
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύση-σθε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Aorist Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λύσω-νται
What is the First Person Singular form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένος ὦ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένος ᾖς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένος ᾗ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένω ᾖτον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένω ἦτον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένοι ὦμεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένοι ἦτε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Perfect Middle Subjunctive of λύω?	λελυ-μένοι ὦσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῶ
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῇς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῇ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῆ-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῆ-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῶ-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῆ-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Aorist Passive Subjunctive of λύω?	λυθῶσι
