tags:JWW_FGB6_Grammar
What is the Nominative and Vocative Singular form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γέφῡρα
What is the Genitive Singular form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γεφύρᾱς
What is the Dative Singular form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γεφύρᾳ
What is the Accusative Singular form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γέφῡραν
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γεφύρᾱ
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γεφύραιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γέφῡραι
What is the Genitive Plural form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γεφῡρῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γεφύραις
What is the Accusative Plural form of γέφῡρα (Bridge)?	γεφύρᾱς
What is the Nominative and Vocative Singular form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θάλαττα
What is the Genitive Singular form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θαλάττης
What is the Dative Singular form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θαλάττῃ
What is the Accusative Singular form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θάλατταν
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θαλάττᾱ
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θαλάτταιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θάλατται
What is the Genitive Plural form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θαλαττῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θαλάτταις
What is the Accusative Plural form of θάλαττα (Sea)?	θαλάττᾱς
What is the Nominative and Vocative Singular form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μάχαιρα ἀγαθή
What is the Genitive Singular form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μαχαίρᾱς ἀγαθῆς
What is the Dative Singular form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μαχαίρᾳ ἀγαθῇ
What is the Accusative Singular form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μάχαιραν ἀγαθήν
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μαχαίρᾱ ἀγαθά
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μαχαίραιν ἀγαθαῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μάχαιραι ἀγαθαί
What is the Genitive Plural form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μαχαιρῶν ἀγαθῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μαχαίραις ἀγαθαῖς
What is the Accusative Plural form of μάχαιρα ἀγαθή (A Good Sabre)?	μαχαίρᾱς ἀγαθάς
