tags:JWW_FGB67_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λέλυκα
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λέλυκα-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λέλυκε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λελύκα-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λελύκα-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λελύκα-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λελύκα-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Indicative of λύω?	λελύκᾱσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελύκη
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελύκη-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελύκει
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελύκε-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελυκέ-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελύκε-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελύκε-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Pluperfect Active Indicative of λύω?	ἐ-λελύκε-σαν
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκω
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκῃς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκῃ
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκη-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκη-τον
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκω-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκη-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Subjunctive of λύω?	λελύκωσι
What is the First Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-μι
What is the Second Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-ς
What is the Third Person Singular form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι
What is the Second Person Dual form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελυκοί-την
What is the First Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-μεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοι-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the First Perfect Active Optative of λύω?	λελύκοιε-ν
