tags:JWW_FGB5_Grammar
What is the 1st Person Singular form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύω
What is the 2nd Person Singular form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύεις
What is the 3rd Person Singular form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύει
What is the 2nd Person Dual form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύετον
What is the 3rd Person Dual form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύετον
What is the 1st Person Plural form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύομεν
What is the 2nd Person Plural form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύετε
What is the 3rd Person Plural form of the verb λύω? (Present Active Indicative)	λύουσι
What is the 1st Person Singular form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύω
What is the 2nd Person Singular form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύεις
What is the 3rd Person Singular form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύει
What is the 2nd Person Dual form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύετον
What is the 3rd Person Dual form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύετον
What is the 1st Person Plural form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύομεν
What is the 2nd Person Plural form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύετε
What is the 3rd Person Plural form of the βουλεύω? (Present Active Indicative)	βουλεύουσι
What is the 1st Person Singular form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπω
What is the 2nd Person Singular form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπεις
What is the 3rd Person Singular form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπει
What is the 2nd Person Dual form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπετον
What is the 3rd Person Dual form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπετον
What is the 1st Person Plural form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπομεν
What is the 2nd Person Plural form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπετε
What is the 3rd Person Plural form of the πέμπω? (Present Active Indicative)	πέμπουσι
What is the 1st Person Singular form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζω
What is the 2nd Person Singular form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζεις
What is the 3rd Person Singular form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζει
What is the 2nd Person Dual form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζετον
What is the 3rd Person Dual form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζετον
What is the 1st Person Plural form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζομεν
What is the 2nd Person Plural form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζετε
What is the 3rd Person Plural form of the ἁρπάζω? (Present Active Indicative)	ἁρπάζουσι
