tags:JWW_FGB42_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	εὖρος
What is the Genitive Singular form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	(εὔρε-ος) εὔρους
What is the Dative Singular form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	(εὔρε-ϊ) εὔρει
What is the Accusative Singular form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	εὖρος
What is the Vocative Singular form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	εὖρος
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	(εὔρε-ε) εὔρει
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	(εὐρέ-οιν) εὐροῖν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	(εὔρε-α) εὔρη
What is the Genitive Plural form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	εὐρέ-ων εὐρῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	εὔρε-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the εὖρος τό.  Breadth?	(εὔρε-α) εὔρη
What is the Nominative Singular form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	τριήρης
What is the Genitive Singular form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	(τριήρε-ος) τριήρους
What is the Dative Singular form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	(τριήρε-ϊ) τριήρει
What is the Accusative Singular form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	(τριήρε-α) τριήρη
What is the Vocative Singular form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	τριῆρες
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	(τριήρε-ε) τριήρει
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	(τριηρέ-οιν) τριήροιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	(τριήρε-ες) τριήρεις
What is the Genitive Plural form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	(τριηρέ-ων) τριήρων
What is the Dative Plural form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	τριήρε-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the τριήρης ὴ.  Trireme?	τριήρεις
What is the Nominative Singular form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	κρέας
What is the Genitive Singular form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	(κρέα-ος) κρέως
What is the Dative Singular form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	(κρέα-ϊ) κρέαι
What is the Accusative Singular form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	κρέας
What is the Vocative Singular form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	κρέας
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	(κρέα-α) κρέα
What is the Genitive Plural form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	(κρεά-ων) κρεῶν
What is the Dative Plural form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	κρέα-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the κρέας τό. Meat?	(κρέα-α) κρέα
