tags:JWW_FGB43_Grammar
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Personal Ending of the Active Imperative?	θι
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Personal Ending of the Active Imperative?	τω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Personal Ending of the Active Imperative?	τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Personal Ending of the Active Imperative?	των
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Personal Ending of the Active Imperative?	τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Personal Ending of the Active Imperative?	ντων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Imperative of λύω?	λῦε
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Imperative of λύω?	λῡέ-τω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Imperative of λύω?	λύε-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Imperative of λύω?	λῡέ-των
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Imperative of λύω?	λύε-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Imperative of λύω?	λῡό-ντων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Imperative of λύω?	λῦσον
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Aorist Active Imperative of λύω?	λῡσά-τω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Aorist Active Imperative of λύω?	λύσα-τον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Aorist Active Imperative of λύω?	λῡσά-των
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Imperative of λύω?	λύσα-τε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Aorist Active Imperative of λύω?	λῡσά-ντων
What is the Second Person Singular form of the Present Active Imperative of εἰμί?	ἴσθι
What is the Third Person Singular form of the Present Active Imperative of εἰμί?	ἔστω
What is the Second Person Dual form of the Present Active Imperative of εἰμί?	ἔστον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the Present Active Imperative of εἰμί?	ἔστων
What is the Second Person Plural form of the Present Active Imperative of εἰμί?	ἔστε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the Present Active Imperative of εἰμί?	ἔστων
