tags:JWW_FGB51_Grammar
What is the Nominative Singular form of the πόλις city?	πόλι-ς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the πόλις city?	πόλε-ως
What is the Dative Singular form of the πόλις city?	(πόλε-ϊ) πόλει
What is the Accusative Singular form of the πόλις city?	πόλι-ν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the πόλις city?	πόλι
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the πόλις city?	(πόλε-ε) πόλει
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the πόλις city?	πολέ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the πόλις city?	(πόλε-ες) πόλεις
What is the Genitive Plural form of the πόλις city?	πόλε-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the πόλις city?	πόλε-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the πόλις city?	πόλεις
What is the Nominative Singular form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πῆχυ-ς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πήχε-ως
What is the Dative Singular form of the πῆχυς forearm?	(πήχε-ϊ) πήχει
What is the Accusative Singular form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πῆχυ-ν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πῆχυ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the πῆχυς forearm?	(πήχε-ε) πήχει
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πηχέ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the πῆχυς forearm?	(πήχε-ες) πήχεις
What is the Genitive Plural form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πήχε-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πήχε-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the πῆχυς forearm?	πήχεις
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἄστυ town?	ἄστυ
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἄστυ town?	ἄστε-ως
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἄστυ town?	(ἄστε-ϊ) ἄστει
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἄστυ town?	ἄστυ
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἄστυ town?	ἄστυ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἄστυ town?	(ἄστε-ε) ἄστει
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἄστυ town?	ἀστέ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἄστυ town?	(ἄστε-α) ἄστη
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἄστυ town?	ἄστε-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἄστυ town?	ἄστε-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἄστυ town?	(ἄστε-α) ἄστη
What is the Nominative Singular form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-ς
What is the Genitive Singular form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-ος
What is the Dative Singular form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-ϊ
What is the Accusative Singular form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-ν
What is the Vocative Singular form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ
What is the Nominative Accusative and Vocative Dual form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-ε
What is the Genitive and Dative Dual form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-οιν
What is the Nominative and Vocative Plural form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-ες
What is the Genitive Plural form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-ων
What is the Dative Plural form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθύ-σι
What is the Accusative Plural form of the ἰχθύς fish?	ἰχθῦς
