tags:JWW_FGB7_Grammar
What is the First Person Singular form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔλῡον
What is the Second Person Singular form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔλῡες
What is the Third Person Singular form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔλῡε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐλύετον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐλῡέτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐλύομεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐλύετε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the λύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔλῡον
What is the First Person Singular form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβούλευον
What is the Second Person Singular form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβούλευες
What is the Third Person Singular form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβούλευε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβουλεύετον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβουλευέτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβουλεύομεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβουλεύετε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the βουλεύω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐβούλευον
What is the First Person Singular form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔπεμπον
What is the Second Person Singular form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔπεμπες
What is the Third Person Singular form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔπεμπε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐπέμπετον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐπεμπέτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐπέμπομεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἐπέμπετε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the πέμπω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἔπεμπον
What is the First Person Singular form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἥρπαζον
What is the Second Person Singular form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἥρπαζες
What is the Third Person Singular form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἥρπαζε
What is the Second Person Dual form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἡρπάζετον
What is the Third Person Dual form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἡρπαζέτην
What is the First Person Plural form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἡρπάζομεν
What is the Second Person Plural form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἡρπάζετε
What is the Third Person Plural form of the ἁρπάζω (Imperfect Active Indicative)?	ἥρπαζον
